# Passengers and Vehicles Instructions

## Iteration 1

## Setup

* Fork this Repository
* Clone YOUR fork
* Compete the activity below
* Push your solution to your fork
* Submit a pull request from your repository to the turingschool-examples repository
  * Make sure to put your name in your PR!

Use TDD to create a `Passenger` class that responds to the following interaction pattern. For the `adult?` method, a `Passenger` is considered an adult if they are age 18 or older.

## Iteration 3

You have been contracted by the National Park Service to create a program that can track revenue for its parks. Specifically, they would like you to implement the following features:

  1. Each park has a unique name and admission price, as well as a way to read that data MEANING ATTRREADER

  2. Each park can list all the vehicles that entered the park

  3. Each park can list all the passengers that entered the park
  
  4. Each park can calculate revenue generated. Revenue is generated by charging the admission price per adult that entered the park.

Build upon your existing code from the first two iterations to implement this functionality.

## Iteration 4

The National Park Service has given you additional functionality it would like you to implement. They would like to be able to track patrons of their parks. They would like to be able to generate a list of names of all attendees, as well as generate a list of minors and a list of adults. It would like all of these lists to be sorted alphabetically.
